OK.
So when I pretty far through getting this project implemented, as with any good game project, pipeline
audio here is being left until the final stages of development.
On a serious note, though, sound effects and audio in general are a really important part of getting
the game feeling right.
It's often one of the aspects which, if you're ever struggling to make a new prototype, feel right
or if it ever feels like something is just missing.
It's most probably the audio that hasn't yet been put in.
In this case, though, we've been mainly focused on getting through the logic because we already had
an idea of what the game was going to be and a kind of definitive end go.
So we just wanted to get through all of the implementation.
But this means we've now done that.
So we're finally going to get round to adding some of our sound effects.
So if we begin in the projectile class, just because we had this open last in the headphones, we're
going to want to create two new pointers to the type of you signed bass one.
Our name hits sound.
And one that our name launch signed.
Both of these can reduce the you property from our hit particle has already got the effects category
then.
And then in the code file, we can start by playing the launch, signed immediately on this.
Actors begin play.
So as soon as it spawned, this will make a noise.
So we once again want to make use of the you game play static's.
I'm then going to use the play sound at location.
Asking in a reference to this, we then need these signed that we want to play, which will be our launch
signed.
And then finally, the location at which this will be played, which will be the return of the get actor
location function again.
Just a quick aside here.
We're using the place end at location, which is one of the main two options you get.
You also have the option to play more to these signs in a row.
The system has a really good out of the box 3D sound system, which really makes the most of showing
where the sound was spawned.
Having things like automatic falloff and much more.
If you wanted to dive into the sound side of things.
So this just means that the sound effects can feel much more immersive using these features in comparison,
play sign to 2D can be used when you want audio to be kind of an equal volume wherever you are in the
world.
And this might be used for things like menu updates, music, a level up doing sound effects and things
like that.
So these are things which are not going to be in the mind as a player, something which would be specific
to a location at which is happening.
So I was just a quick aside to explain why we're using the at location option.
If you were aware of the other options, were they implemented, then I'm just going to copy this and
paste this into the on hit function below where we're spawning our particle effect.
The only thing that I want to change here in the place and its location code is will change the launch
side to be the hit site and have that done.
We can also improve the effect of a pawn being destroyed by adding a destruction side.
So let's go over to the base class and add this here, because again, this is another thing.
The turret and the tank classes will both need to have the destruction represented by a side effect
as well.
So I'm going to quickly grab the code from the projectile.
Had a class as we can.
We use all of this in the pawn based class.
I'll just paste this block into the variable section and rename it to Death Signed.
Then there's not really too much to say here.
But in the PWN base, we're just going to repeat the previous steps.
And in the handle destruction function, we'll call these spawn sound at location on the game play Static's
referencing this and then playing the death signed at the actors current location.
With all of that saved, we can return to opening the editor if we compile this, we can check our new
implementation again.
So when that's ready, we just need to assign our new sound effects in both of the pun blueprints.
The turret and the tanks will want to assign the explode signed to the death signed template.
And then for the projectile, we're just going to use the same side effect here for both the launch
and the impact effects, but it will get the point across.
And I've made these two separate side effects, because if you wanted to come back and download or create
your own sound effects for this project, you can swap these out for something, hopefully spending
a little bit better than the the sound files that I've come up with, with all of those properties filter.
We can now press play and we can test our sound.
So when we spawn a projectile and when it hits something, we can see that's making the noise that we'd
expected.
And then if we go over to one of the turret turrets and destroy that, we also get the explosion site.
Finally, just to check that there's nothing very weird going on.
I'm gonna go over with the tank as well to make sure that we hear the explosion sound when our tank
is destroyed, which it is.
And I think that's now all coming together and feeling much more like everything that's kind of happening
is having much more of an effect on the world.
And that's really our main goal in this last part of this section.